What’s your most shallow reason for not going on a second date?
What’s the worst date you’ve ever had?
What’s your worst habit?
Name something illegal that you’ve done and regret?
Tell about the biggest ticket you’ve ever gotten.
How many people in the room would you be willing to kiss?
What’s the weirdest dream you’ve ever had?
What do you wear when you’re hoping to go home with someone?
What kind of underwear do you wear?
What’s your dream first date?
What would make you immediately swipe right?
What would make you immediately swipe left?
Have you ever cheated or helped someone else cheat?
Have you ever gotten in a physical altercation with someone?
What’s your longest relationship?
Have you ever had a secret relationship?
Have you ever kissed anyone in this room?
What’s your favorite drink?
What’s the biggest lie you’ve ever told?
What do your current undergarments look like?
Would you ever hook-up with someone else’s partner?
Do you cover your eyes during the scary part of a movie?
If you suddenly became invisible, what would you do with your newfound transparency?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (live-action role play)?
Who is your favorite family member?
What is the biggest secret that you kept from your parents when you were growing up?
Tell us about the last dream you can remember. Don’t leave any details out!
Have you ever lied about being sick so you could stay home from work or school?
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over to yours?
If anyone in your family could win an award for being the most annoying, who would it be?
Have you ever bought something to wear to an event and then returned it to the store when the event was over?
Did you ever break up with someone just before a public holiday so that you didn’t have to buy them a gift?
What is your least favorite part about family gatherings?
What is your favorite movie that you secretly know is actually terrible?
Have you ever bribed or flirted with a police officer to get out of a ticket?
Do you have a bucket list? If so, what is one thing on that list?
What is the strangest thing you have ever bought?
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone?
Have you ever danced on a table when you were drunk?
What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
What is the one thing you really like about yourself?
If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
What was the most embarrassing thing that you ever did while on a date?
What is your biggest pet peeve?