What’s your most embarrassing fantasy?
What kind of porn do you search for?
When watching porn, what makes you turn it off?
Have you ever joined a hook-up app or any app associated with risky behavior?
How many “toys” do you own?
What’s the best sex you’ve ever had?
What’s the weirdest role play you’ve ever done?
What’s the raunchiest dream you’ve ever had?
What’s the landscaping like “down there?”
What’s the dirtiest pic you’ve ever sent?
What’s the dirtiest text you’ve sent?
Have you ever hooked up with someone you didn’t know?
What’s the most outrageous thing you can remember doing while “under the influence?”
What is something “scandalous” and sex-related that you really want to try?
Are you more dominant or submissive?
If you were a sex worker, how much would each sex act cost?
Have you ever asked for a dirty pic?
How do you initiate sex with your partner?
Would you ever film yourself “in the act?”
How likely are you to ever consider being a stripper? What about a porn star?
What’s the soonest you’ve ever had sex with someone after meeting them?
If you were going to write an erotic novel, what would it be about?
What was the last thing you masturbated to?
If you could have sex with one person in this room, who would it be?
What’s your magic number now, and what do you wish it was?
What’s the weirdest thing that’s ever turned you on?
Which sexual act are you best at?
How many sex toys do you own?
How many orgasms have you faked?
What is your biggest sexual regret?
What’s the dirtiest sext you’ve ever sent?
Who’s the most scandalous person you’ve had sex with?
Have you ever slept with someone you met online?
Have you ever been caught masturbating?
What do you like to be called in bed?
What movie always turns you on?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
Describe the most embarrassing time you got turned on.
Have you ever thought about sleeping with the same sex?
What is your strangest off-limits crush?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever masturbated?
Describe your, “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit?
Have you ever slept with someone from work?
What is more thrilling, makeup or angry sex?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever done IT at work?
Do you like telling me what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?